[docs] Add "Usage with Material UI v5/v6" guide (#17164)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-charts-v7/migration-charts-v7.md

Using `next` ensures that it will always use the latest v8 pre-release version, but you can also use a fixed version, like `8.0.0-alpha.0`.

## Package layout changes

MUI X v8 packages have been updated to use the [Node.js `exports` field](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#exports), following [Material v7 package layout changes](https://mui.com/system/migration/upgrade-to-v7/#package-layout).

> MUI X v8 packages are compatible with Material UI v7 out of the box.

Author: Not sure "only" is necessary here though

> We encourage upgrading to Material UI v7 to take advantage of better ESM support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage upgrading to Material UI v7 to take advantage of better ESM support.
```

> Material UI v6 and v5 are still supported, but require some additional steps if you are importing the packages in Node.js environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Material UI v6 and v5 can still be used but require some additional steps if you are importing the packages in a Node.js environment.
```
